README.md, before:

# Speech Translator

Translate as you speak, and show a subtitle window on this or on another screen.
Demo application to show the use of close to real-time translation and transcription.
Batch mode allows you to transcribe multiple audio files at once.

## Getting Started
- You will need to setup a subscription with Microsoft Translator. [Click Here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/default.aspx) to get started.

- Speech API documentation can be [found here](https://aka.ms/TranslatorSpeechDocs).

- This code makes calls to the Microsoft Translator Speech Translation APIs which are subject to the [Microsoft Privacy Statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839).

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Enable Azure Government. Update NuGet packages. Change wording of cut microphone during TTS. Include pr/19 Bugfix to enable TTS Up version number to 0.9.2.

README.md, after:

# Speech Translator

Translate as you speak, and show a subtitle window on this or on another screen.
Demo application to show the use of close to real-time translation and transcription.
Batch mode allows you to transcribe multiple audio files at once.

## Getting Started
- You will need a subscription to the Translator Speech API on Azure. [Click Here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/translator/default.aspx) to get started.

- Speech API documentation can be [found here](https://aka.ms/TranslatorSpeechDocs).

- This code makes calls to the Translator Speech API, which is subject to the [Microsoft Privacy Statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839).

## Supported Clouds

- Azure public:	dev.microsofttranslator.com
- Azure government:	dev.microsofttranslator.us

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
